really working on some of his outside
game because you know he's going to
knock down some threes in order to play
at the next level and everything and you
know during the season he's hit some
threes and really worked on handling the
basketball I feel like he's done a
really good job in proving in that part
of his game he's just so athletic and he
can jump so jump so well you know it's
hard for us at the high school level not
to get him down on the post and just let
him sort of do his thing and he's pretty
good at that
you
it's so good I mean I had a feeling that
I was getting close so yeah my teammates
was telling me like you got there and
when we went in at times I do I think he
got about 30 right now listen hey we
might go for it tonight so they was
encouraging me to now I know that your
team has been doing pretty well you're
above 500 going into tournament time do
you have any thoughts about how this
team might do going down the stretch we
kidnap me one becoming a team right now
so I mean that's even better for us to
do it now as I mean we could have
started earlier but never too late to
become a team and I mean we're not about
to buy the glow in the tournament time
so that's the best time to have him as a
team now with the the 47 points which
was a school record he had 41 the night
before that are you doing most of that
inside or are you doing some of it from
outside what's the best part of your
game I mean right now we have recognized
that and many pulsers really like a
vintage on this for us so we just been
having me sitting down there and give
them the ball you dunk it at some yeah
how many of you had in the last week uh
1030 in the home page of boys games six
in Gatlin on my own pigeon gives gaming
down one in a kind of game on Tuesday as
you look ahead the next year you're
going to be trying to set yourself up to
possibly get a college scholarship I'm
sure you see yourself as a post guy you
think maybe you got to get the game
going outside a little bit or to get a
bigger college scholarship
I see myself outside more a lot more but
I mean it will it would be better for
teams day I mean they could actually put
me in a post too because I may not come
work on that too only let him play that
my whole life so but I see myself
outside we shot with Dane Bradshaw I did
it tend to say he's about your height
then I think you jump a little better
than he does let's let's talk about the
the games this week exactly first of all
obviously 41 and then twenty eight
rebounds against Gibbs and a 105 to 80
game that had to be up and down is that
your preference to get up and down the
floor and we all like that if you ask me
prior by our team loves running up and
down on me we do it all day in practice
of them as well and do it in a game and
obviously if you score 105 points you
had 41 of them but your teammates like
the fact they get involved too braylon
had 25 on that game too Zack John and
Andy all played good so I mean help
that's great appreciate it
congratulations i'll be in the catholic
high school athlete of the week i think